[whimsical holiday music playing]
[narrator] Since the dawn of time,
Christmas fairy tales have often included
the wonder of a snowman coming to life,
destined to bring its magic
to the right person.
[wind whooshing]
[car horn honks]
But those fairy tales
have never been told like this.
[music continues]
[alarm clock beeping]
[woman on radio] And it's another
beautiful morning here in Hope Springs
as we remind you to grab those kiddos
and head down to
the annual snow sculpture competition,
which is finally underway.
[music plays]
♪ Jingle bell, jingle bell
Jingle bell rock ♪
♪ Jingle bells swing
And jingle bells ring ♪
♪ Snowin' and blowin' up bushels of fun ♪
♪Now the jingle hop has begun ♪
♪ Jingle bell, jingle bell
Jingle bell rock ♪
♪Jingle bells chime in jingle bell time ♪
♪ Dancin' and prancin'
in Jingle Bell Square ♪
♪ In the frosty air ♪
♪ What a bright time
It's the right time ♪
♪ To rock the night away ♪
♪ Jingle bell time is a swell time ♪
♪ To go ridin' in a one-horse sleigh ♪
♪ Giddy-up, jingle horse
Pick up your feet ♪
♪ Jingle around the clock ♪
♪ Mix and a-mingle in the jinglin' feet ♪
♪ That's the jingle bell rock ♪
[song ends]
[whimsical holiday music playing]
Good morning.
Good morning, Isaac.
Good morning, Kathy.
Oh, we are going to be slammed today.
I hope you've had your coffee.
You get your heat fixed?
I know. I know. I'm gonna call him today.
You're not gonna make it to Christmas
if you turn to ice before then.
You just worry about the bacon.
I'm going to worry about my heater.
And if you freeze to death…
[both] Who's gonna sign my checks?
[Kathy chuckles]
Hey, it's so nice to see you. Come on in.
Good morning.
Hey, how's your mom?
Enjoy.
Can I get you some more coffee?
[gasps] My favorite customer.
Good morning, Kathy.
[Kathy laughs] Good morning, Jan.
Do you have
any chocolate chip pancakes today?
Good morning, Miss Megan.
Well, chocolate chip pancakes
are usually for Sunday brunch,
but you know what? I'll make you some
if your mom says it's okay.
Okay, I guess we can make an exception.
Thank you, Miss Kathy.
Oh, of course. Have a seat.
[rattles]
That looks great.
[woman] Morning, Kathy.
-Hello.
-[man] Ah.
[woman] Kathy, what are you doing here?
I figured you might be so busy
with the snow sculpture competition
you wouldn't have time for lunch.
So here's one turkey sandwich, no mayo,
and one turkey sandwich,
a disgusting amount of mayo.
-Turkey!
-[woman] Thank you.
[man] You know me too well, Kathy.
[woman] So, how you doing, honey?
Oh, good. Yeah, doing really good.
The diner's keeping me really busy.
And, um, outside of work?
Oh, you know, I'm fine.
You know, when I was younger,
my mother always wanted me
to meet someone.
She always used to say,
"You'll never find the warmth
unless you venture out into the cold."
So, one Christmas,
I decided to do just that.
Bundled up in my favorite red scarf,
went down to the local pub,
and lo and behold,
met the man of my dreams that very night.
Honey, can… can you bring…
Uh-huh.
[whispers] What's happening?
So, this just came in yesterday,
and it reminds me
of the night that I met Theo.
The second I saw it,
I knew it had come to me for a reason.
And then you walked in.
It's very sweet,
but I really don't need it.
[Theo] She's not gonna let you leave
without it. Believe me.
Good things come to you
when you're out in the cold, Kathy.
[magical music playing]
Thanks.
-Well done, you.
-[door closes]
[slow, romantic music playing]
♪ It's midnight ♪
♪ And I'm sitting all alone ♪
♪ The carolers are gone ♪
♪ Fire's burning low ♪
♪ I can't sleep ♪
♪ Though it's a silent night ♪
♪ 'Cause there's just one thing missing ♪
♪ To make this season bright ♪
♪ Baby, it's you ♪
♪ You make it feel like Christmas ♪
-♪ Baby, can't you see? ♪
-♪ Can't you see? ♪
♪ You're the only gift I need ♪
♪ Baby, it's you ♪
[Kathy] Well, clearly,
you've been doing your push-ups.
♪ You make it feel like Christmas ♪
You know what?
[sentimental music playing]
You keep it.
[shutter clicks]
[mystical chimes tinkling]
[wind whooshing]
[snow cracking]
[curious holiday music playing]
[sneezes]
[EDM version of Tchaikovsky's
"The Dance of the Sugarplum Fairy" plays]
[music stops]
[grunting, breathing heavily]
Huh?
Ah.
[satisfied grunts]
[man] If this dog doesn't go
in ten seconds,
I'm gonna trade it in for a goldfish.
-[dog yelps]
-[snowman] Hello!
Hi there.
Oh!
-Whoa! Oh…
-[man] What was that?
-I'm not sure.
-[dog barking]
Let's investigate.
[panting and grunting]
Clothes!
[festive music playing]
Ah.
[dog barking]
-Oh!
-[shattering]
[groans]
Wow.
Huh.
[mysterious jazz playing]
Hmm.
Huh.
Ahh.
[satisfied grunts]
Uh-huh!
[alarm clock beeps]
[continues beeping]
[alarm stops]
[snowman]
And I have arms, and I can move my arms.
I can move my mouth. I can talk!
I love talking.
It is… It's amazing! [laughs]
But if it can happen to me,
it can happen to you.
[Kathy] Excuse me.
-[snowman] Oh.
-Hi.
Hi.
Hi. It's… It's you.
Look. Look what happened.
Look what happened to me.
Sorry, what happened?
Well, I was made of snow,
and now I'm made of… not snow.
Can you believe it?
No, I really, uh,
really can't believe that. Um…
Aren't you cold? You look very cold.
No, I am not cold.
I feel… good.
-[Kathy laughs quietly]
-[snowman grunts contentedly]
I have a diner right over there.
Do you wanna… Why don't you come inside,
and I can get you some food?
I… I have never had food before.
Is that o-okay?
Great. I have food. Let's go.
Okay.
[customers chattering]
-Who the heck is that?
-I don't know.
I found him outside,
standing there without a coat on
talking to the snow sculptures.
And you brought him inside?
Well, I couldn't just
leave him out there, Isaac.
I mean, he's clearly delusional.
Should I call the cops?
No, we can't tell Sheriff Hunter.
He overreacts about everything.
He arrested someone at the movies once.
For what?
Excessive candy unwrapping.
Apparently it was a noise violation.
We have to keep this to ourselves.
But what if he's dangerous?
Your friend's eating the jellies.
Thank you.
I'm really not getting a dangerous vibe.
['70s funk playing]
What the hell happened here?
A break-in. Seems like a smash-and-grab.
-Stolen?
-Overalls, galoshes.
They weren't even the store's galoshes.
They just belonged to Theo.
Hey. Mel. Theo.
Good morning, Hunter.
I took a vow to protect and serve,
and I failed
to uphold that vow last night.
-[Theo] Ah…
-I am so sorry.
I'm gonna establish a task force.
We are going to find the perpetrator.
Oh no. Don't do all that. It'll be fine.
I've been meaning
to get new galoshes anyway.
There's nothing fine about someone
smashing windows in my town.
Jerry down in Winchester is gonna bring us
a big piece of plywood from his yard,
and that'll keep the heat in.
How's your family, Hunter?
You wanna grab some breakfast
at Kathy's? We're buying.
You can't buy me breakfast.
It could influence the investigation.
For all I know,
you broke into your shop yourself.
-[Theo scoffs]
-Why would we do that?
Insurance fraud.
Why would insurance
care about my galoshes?
That's not… I don't think you did it.
I was just saying…
Well, I should hope not.
We've known you for 30 years.
I'm just…
I'm on the case, okay?
There will be consequences.
Oh! Nice sheepskin.
Tell him to keep the galoshes.
What is… What is your name?
I don't know.
Oh. Okay, is it, um… Is it Jack?
Right there, like it says.
Jack. Is that you?
Oh. It could be.
I love that name. Doesn't it sound cool?
Oh, that's… Yeah, really cool.
Jack, it's nice to meet you.
Right, um…
What's the last thing you remember?
You. Last night.
Staring at me. Putting my scarf on.
I think that's what brought me to life.
And-and then
you flashed a light in my face.
[magical chimes playing]
Okay. Is this a prank?
[ominous music plays]
I get it. Okay, fine. Yeah,
you built a snowman that looks like you.
And-and is that what this is?
I feel strange.
How'd you know I took a photo?
Were you following me?
-Is this part of the joke?
-I feel hot.
[Kathy gasps]
Really hot?
No, really cold.
Okay, so you probably have hypothermia.
-Let's go.
-Let's get up. Let's go.
-Where?
Across the street, there's a doctor.
She's gonna know exactly what to do.
[Jack] Okay.
[keyboard playing]
♪ Crime doesn't pay
Oh, not here, not today ♪
♪ Here in Hope Springs, no ♪
I'm sorry. Can you speak up, please?
-Just a little bit louder.
- ♪ Better have your bail ♪
♪ 'Cause we're taking you to jail
Here in Hope Springs ♪
No, we're…
[sustaining note]
Okay.
-[still sustaining note]
-Boss! Boss!
-You like it?
-I love it.
-Another crime last night.
-Another?
Streaking.
A man running naked
in the plaza around one.
Old Mortimer and Ethel Jennings
saw him while walking their dog.
Description?
Small, fluffy, pointy little nose.
-The streaker, Ed.
-Oh.
Morty went out without his glasses,
couldn't get a clear view.
And Ethel?
No, she wouldn't say.
Just kept insisting that
he was doing a public service.
Hmm. [chuckles]
What's the number one way
people would describe me, Ed?
Aggravating? Power-hungry?
Paranoid? Dramatic?
Hard on crime.
People respect that.
For months, we haven't needed
to write so much as a parking ticket.
And now…
[laughs]
…six weeks before
my reappointment as sheriff,
we have a crime spree on our hands?
Coincidence or conspiracy?
What are you saying, Nate?
[chuckles]
I felt the Mayor's had it in for me
since I had his car towed.
Which time?
Third time.
When he was dropping gifts
at the children's hospital?
[sighs] Charity is no excuse
for parking in a loading zone.
I don't think the Mayor went streaking.
He's got a bad hip.
A man is defined by his actions, Ed.
And now, it's time to take action.
Bring this man to justice.
[snaps twice]
So what's the… Oh.
Who's your friend?
This is Jack. Um, I met him this morning.
I actually found him
talking to the snow sculptures.
Yeah. I don't know
how long he's been out there.
Hmm.
-Hi, Jack.
-Hi.
-How you feeling?
-Fine.
Wow. You're… cold.
So he says he doesn't remember
anything before last night.
That's not good.
I was a snowman.
That's definitely not good.
Just hold this… for a moment.
Oh, this tastes funny.
Don't eat it. Just hold still.
Weird.
-What is it?
-Just a malfunction.
Maybe it needs new batteries.
I don't know.
[Kathy chuckles]
It's okay.
[whimsical music playing]
Both thermometers say
that he's below 30 degrees.
He's ice-cold, but appears to be sweating.
Maybe he's melting. [chuckles]
I was kidding. You cannot be serious.
Excuse us a sec.
Psst…
So he's saying this is him?
And he came to life?
Yes. And that snowman is gone now.
-Maybe he's telling the truth.
-[Kathy scoffs] Sure. Right.
And I'm the queen of Aldovia.
Come on, Dottie. You're a doctor.
What do you actually think?
Look, everything about Christmas,
Santa, elves, flying reindeer,
the scientist in me
knows they shouldn't exist.
But wouldn't the world
be a little bit better if they did?
I cannot believe you.
What is the simplest explanation?
That he is a drifter
with severe memory loss.
And the missing snowman?
He… He trashed it.
Right? He stole the scarf.
What about the picture?
Coincidence.
His subhuman temperature?
No, factory-wide defects
at the thermometer company.
Or…
He's a snowman.
And how cool would that be?
Look, either way, we can't just let him
find his way on the streets alone.
It is freezing. He needs help.
Can you do anything?
-[sighs]
-Jack, look at me.
How would you like to stay with me, Jack?
I could take care of you.
As a medical professional.
I wanna stay with Kathy.
What? Wait, no. Uh-uh.
No, no, that's… Absolutely not.
Kathy can't take care of you.
She can barely take care of herself.
-No offense.
-None taken.
But I trust her.
Come on. How could you possibly trust me?
Because you put the scarf on me.
And I'm pretty sure
that's what's keeping me alive.
So technically,
I've known you for my entire life.
Mm. Right. Right, right, right.
You know, wouldn't you prefer,
like, a nice hospital bed?
[comically sad music playing]
Why is he looking at me like that?
Ugh.
Fine.
Thank you. I love you.
-You do not.
-I do. I love you.
No, you don't.
I do. I love you.
[holiday music playing]
So, here we are. This is my house.
You can stay here in the spare bedroom.
Um, there's food in the fridge.
And you can watch TV.
There you go.
What is this?
Well, it's a…
You… you really…
You know what? Just have a seat.
Yeah. You can sit right there.
Um, here. Okay.
[couch squeaking]
[woman on TV]
Tell her to let me out of here.
[man on TV] Miss,
we'd love to be able to do that,
but first we need to
figure out who you are.
What do you mean, who I am?
I know who I am.
That is so funny. That looks like
a girl I went to high school with.
-Huh.
-[woman] My name is…
[man] …with big, bold,
original flavors, you'll take…
Okay. So there's the remote.
That's the power, on and off.
If you want to change the channel,
just push this button.
You want to turn the volume
up or down, right there.
And there's pause and rewind, and…
This is what you do.
Oh, cooking.
Oh, you mean… Yeah, I, um…
[sucks teeth]
Yeah, I used to.
When my husband and I opened the diner,
I used to help the chef all the time.
I even wrote some recipes.
There's this sweet potato casserole
we make every Christmas Eve.
Everyone loves it.
Yep. That one was all me.
[Kathy laughs quietly]
I want to work at the diner.
I want to help people like you do.
Okay, but no, not… Not today.
You need to stay here for now.
No idea what we'll do, but we'll
figure it out when I get back. Okay?
-Okay.
-All right.
I'm just…
I'm so excited to be here with you.
I love this house,
and I love you.
You don't love me.
Yes, I do. I love you.
No, you don't.
Look, when you say you love a house
or soup, those are things, that's fine,
but when you say you love a person,
it means way more.
Okay? You can't go around
telling everyone you love them,
because it doesn't
make it special anymore.
And it doesn't work like that,
you don't just love someone right away.
It's something that… It's something
that takes a long time to realize.
Oh.
Sorry.
That's okay.
Just watch TV and, um…
Yeah, you know what?
You can learn a lot from TV.
[Jack] Can I say something?
[sighs] Yes?
It's very hot in here.
Can I change that with this?
Oh. Oh.
Here. I'll just…
All right. So I'm going to go now,
and please don't rob me blind.
Thank you.
Kathy?
Mm-hmm?
I still don't understand
how all of this is happening, but…
[sentimental music playing]
…I am so glad
that you were the one who found me.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
[holiday music playing on TV]
[Kathy] Hey, Dottie. You got your tea?
Yes.
And I want you to spill it.
He's at my house. He's watching TV.
At lunch, I'll run across the street
to Mel and Theo's
and just get him some new clothes.
-Morning, ladies.
-Hey. Hey, Nate. Want some coffee?
Sorry, Kathy. Official police business.
Last night, we got reports
of a strange man on the prowl.
Went streaking in front of
poor Ethel Jennings.
And broke into Reclaimed Rags
and stole some clothes.
-Huh.
-Whoever did this must be new in town.
Otherwise, he'd know the strictness
with which I enforce the law
in Hope Springs.
I do not tolerate funny business.
We know, Nate.
There's nothing funny about you.
Damn straight.
So, if you ladies see any strangers,
do the right thing,
report them to my office ASAP.
Do… Do you think this criminal
is, like, dangerous?
There's nothing more dangerous
than blatant disrespect for law and order.
There's nothing to worry about.
He didn't hurt anybody or take any money.
Probably just some guy who did
a naked mile to impress his buddies.
I mean, we've all been there. Am I right?
-Sure.
-[Ed laughing]
[Nate] Schatz!
I gotta go.
[sighs]
[woman] Welcome, folks.
I'm gonna show you how to make
some easy, creamy, delicious eggnog,
perfect for the holidays.
-[crunching ice]
-[cat wails]
Ah! Ah! [gasps]
[man] Now place the pepperoni
in a circular fashion,
spiraling right around into…
[Bach's "Toccata and Fugue
in D minor" playing]
-[thuds against door]
-Ahh!
[music continues]
[music stops]
Wow.
[sad music playing]
[door opens]
Hello! I'm back.
[door closes]
Hello?
Jack?
Did you steal my TV?
[exhales]
Jack?
Are you here?
-[Kathy screams]
-Ahh!
That was very, very, very scary.
[exclaims]
-You almost gave me a heart attack.
-Sorry.
You okay?
-Sorry. I did not mean to yell like that.
-Sorry.
Okay.
What's in the bag?
I got you some clothes
from, um, Mel and Theo's.
You know, I thought
you could use some clothes.
But you'll have to try 'em on,
'cause I wasn't sure about the size…
-Okay.
-…and, you know, there's different…
Oh, whoa. No, not right now. Like, not…
We don't change in front of people.
We wait until no one's around.
Got it.
Great.
Uh, I actually have something
to show you in the kitchen.
Yeah. No, I just have a question.
The first night, Jack,
were you wearing clothes?
[scoffs] Of course.
I had on this scarf you gave me.
Right. But the coveralls
and the-the boots, did you…
Did you steal 'em?
Okay. Did you…
Did you streak past old Mortimer Jennings?
Streak?
Yeah. You know, did you, like,
run by with no pants on?
[inhales] Yes.
You did? Great. Okay, so we can't do that.
Oh.
Yeah. Okay. So, uh,
the sheriff came to see me today,
and, well, the clothes you stole, he's…
He's looking for you.
Oh, well, that's no problem.
I'll just give them back.
And I'm sure he'd appreciate that,
but that's not what it's about.
Not for him.
We gotta just keep you off his radar.
I'm on his radar?
Yeah, I need you to just lay low.
-Now?
-Yes.
Just lay low…
No, no.
I just mean
don't draw attention to yourself.
That's what "lay low" means.
Okay? And if he doesn't know who you are,
he doesn't know where you are,
then you're safe.
Okay.
Are you mad at me?
No. I'm just, um…
Just trying to keep my story straight.
Okay. Kitchen?
-Yes.
-Okay.
I'm gonna put this in your room.
Okay.
All right. So what's the big…
What's happening?
[laughs] What is this?
I'm making you dinner. Pizza.
I got the recipe off this lady from TV,
except you didn't have pepperoni,
but you did have ham.
I hope that's okay.
How in the world did you do all this?
I'm a fast learner. Oh.
What's that?
Eggnog.
There's a whole show just about
Christmas treats that I watched.
I have no idea what a nog actually is,
but it tastes great.
Mmm!
This is very, um…
[giggles]
It's just… It's very weird.
Oh no. Did I not make the nog right?
No, your nog is… It's a fantastic nog.
But you're standing here in my kitchen,
you could barely function this morning,
and you're making me drinks and dinner,
and, I mean, let's not even
mention the snowman part.
When was the last time
somebody made you dinner?
Isaac at the diner.
He makes me dinner almost every night.
I can't actually remember
the last time I cooked for myself.
Can I ask you a question?
Of course. Yeah.
Okay, so, earlier today,
I was checking the house for vampires.
Okay.
And I went downstairs…
What's cancer?
Jack, it's, um…
It's not a nice thing
that happens to some people.
And that's what happened to Paul?
Yeah.
And it just happened so fast. You know?
Which I'm grateful for,
because he didn't have to suffer, but…
Man, I just…
You just think there's more time.
I'm sorry, Kathy.
And all that stuff down there,
that's all his too?
It is. He, uh, did home repairs.
That must be why
this house is so beautiful.
That's also why it's…
[laughs ruefully]
It's why it's falling apart
since he's been gone, but…
You know, like everything else.
Well, hopefully this pizza
doesn't fall apart,
'cause I worked
really, really, really hard on it.
Do you mind putting it in the oven?
'Cause I turned on the oven earlier today,
and I do not like the oven.
[giggles]
Great. This looks fantastic.
Let me cut you a piece.
No, thanks. I tried a bite
of my practice pizza earlier,
it made my mouth feel like it was melting.
But I did do this.
Not sure how it's going to taste, but…
Cold pizza's delicious.
I had a ton of it in college.
[both laughing awkwardly]
-[tropical music playing]
-Wow.
[woman] Hawaii is a tropical paradise
that offers an unforgettable vacation.
-[Jack] Isn't this so amazing?
-[Kathy chuckles]
So, let's go.
-To Hawaii?
-Yeah.
Okay. Here's the thing.
People who just met
don't really go on vacation together.
Why not?
Well, because they just don't.
And it's really expensive, and…
I mean, you say you're
a snowman, right? Hawaii?
It's, like, really warm.
Super warm, even at Christmastime.
[Jack] Mm…
But I'm sure
you're gonna get there someday, somehow.
You're a fast learner.
-Thanks, Kathy.
-Sure.
Uh…
[awkward grunt]
-Sorry, I'm just not much of a hugger.
-Oh.
Sorry. I… I didn't know.
No. Of course.
You don't have to say sorry. [chuckles]
-Let me pick this up. I'll clean this up.
-No, that's okay. I'll do it.
-Really?
-Yeah. Yeah.
Thanks. Good night.
Night.
Uh, so, what should I do tomorrow?
[Kathy] Uh…
Just watch some TV and…
Honestly, do whatever you want,
but stay in the house and lay low.
-Okay.
-Right?
-Yeah.
-All right. Thanks.
Night.
[whimsical music playing]
[man] In this video, we will show you
step-by-step how to repair your own roof.
We'll be showing you how to replace
and install the damaged plywood decking,
the asphalt shingles
-and the leaking attic vent.
-[water dripping]
[upbeat music playing]
-[crashes]
-Oh!
Jeez. Oh!
[dog barking in distance]
[exhales]
Ma'am!
Ma'am.
Ma'am, are you all right?
Oh, I think I'll be fine.
Well…
I mean, you're stuck in there pretty bad.
You want me to get behind you and push?
Huh?
Yeah.
Yes.
-[sexy music playing]
-[exhales]
All right.
You ready for me?
I'm ready.
-Here I go.
-Okay.
-Yeah.
-How's that?
It's working.
Okay, great. [grunts] Good.
Oh, if the girls could see me now.
[Jack grunts and groans]
All right. Try driving now.
Okay. Yes.
There you go!
Whoo!
Okay.
-[Jack] Whoo!
-Whoo!
-[both laugh]
-Wow.
I am out of breath.
Oh yeah. Me too.
Well, I guess drive safe,
and I'm going to get back to work.
-You're a friend of Kathy's?
-I am. Yeah.
I'm just staying with her
as long as she'll let me.
Wow. Lucky Kathy.
[Jack chuckles]
Listen, how are you with electricity?
Well, if it's on TV, I can learn it.
Oh. I have this new light
that I need installed.
I live close by,
and you seem… very good with your hands.
If you could come by and hang it,
I'd be very grateful.
Oh, well, I'm not really
supposed to leave the house.
I've known Kathy since she was born.
Anyone welcome in her home
is welcome in mine.
Besides,
I'm an older lady
who just had an accident.
You should see to it that I get home safe.
You don't seem that old.
[laughs]
Oh, you are definitely
coming home with me.
Okay, sure. Let me just go put on a shirt.
Oh. Oh…
Gah, darn it.
[jazzy holiday music playing]
Oh, I should have taken
my blood pressure medication this morning.
[women giggling
and murmuring appreciatively]
Nice scarf, Jack.
Thanks.
Okay.
[grunts]
[all exclaiming and clapping]
Uh, okay, so anything else
I can do for you ladies?
Well…
Actually, my son Brendon
is principal at the middle school.
They just lost their maintenance staff,
and they could really use help
with the Christmas dance.
That'd be great.
But it would have to be tomorrow
because I have to get back
to Kathy's and finish up there.
Oh.
She is lucky to have you.
Thanks. Actually, I feel like
I'm the lucky one.
Oh, speaking of Kathy, would any of you
be able to give me a ride to the diner?
[all clamoring]
-Yes. Great.
-Absolutely.
No problem!
[big band holiday music playing]
[ladies whooping and laughing]
[ladies laughing]
Thanks so much.
Come on.
[horn honking]
[Kathy] I told you
you needed to stay home.
Well, I was at home, most of the time.
But then Jane crashed her car,
and then she needed a light installed,
and then they made egg salad… Oh, and…
Oh!
[ice rattling]
[slurping]
I…
Ah!
[panting]
It's kind of hot in here, right?
You think we could open a window?
And could I get some more ice, please?
Thank you.
Listen, you cannot
be running around like this.
There are people in town looking for you.
Like who?
Like the sheriff.
Oh.
Like that sheriff?
-Wha…
-Hello, stranger.
You should speak up.
He can't hear you through the glass.
Okay, um, follow me.
Okay.
Wait…
No, follow my lead.
-Okay.
-Okay, just…
Everything I say is true, okay?
Just pretend it's all true.
Hey, Nate.
Ed, how are you, boys?
Oh, doing well, Kathy. Yourself?
Good, Yeah, no, I'm totally fine.
It's true, she's fine.
Gonna introduce us to your friend?
Uh, my friends call me Jack.
Oh. Pleasure to meet you. I'm Ed.
I love that scarf.
Is that a seed stitch or a rib stitch?
-[Nate] Schatz.
-Yeah.
Someone has shattered the peace
I brought to this town.
[Kathy sighs]
Much like he shattered
that poor store window.
-Here's your ice, Jack.
-[Kathy] Thanks, Nicole.
You know, I gotta
take Jack to that appointment, so…
maybe you could see
if the boys want something to eat.
Got a nice meatloaf today.
[Ed] Oh. Sure, sign me up.
Meatloaf sounds great. Thank you, Nicole.
Why is there
no beverage for that ice, Jack?
Because I like to eat the ice, Sheriff.
[tense, intriguing music playing]
[crunching]
You seem sweaty.
Little hot in here for you?
Yes. [chuckles]
See? He gets it.
-I know, we are running so late.
-[Nate] Nice meeting you, Jack.
-Oh, I didn't even get your full name--
-We're gonna see you both soon, I'm sure.
Always a pleasure. Truly, a true pleasure.
A pleasure.
[Ed chuckles] He seemed nice.
Do nice guys sweat through their shirts
while questioned by the cops, Ed?
If they have a gland condition, yes.
[mysterious '70s funk plays]
[crunching]
[chuckles]
Ah! Feels so nice.
I don't think you realize
how much trouble you're in.
Remember the guy
I told you about? That is him.
You do not want to be on his bad side.
The stuff you did, streaking
through the plaza, taking the clothes,
he wants to find the person who did that
and put them in jail.
Oh.
But if I did all those things,
maybe I should go to jail?
You can't handle jail.
You can't handle
ten minutes in a lukewarm diner.
Wait, are you saying
that I'd melt in there?
Listen, this is a very small town.
Everyone knows everyone.
-[woman] Hi, Kathy.
-Hi.
-You cannot… No, stop saying hi.
-I need you to lay low.
-Okay, yeah, lay low. Got it, got it.
And tomorrow,
when I say stay home, I mean it.
Oh, but I can't because I got a job
doing maintenance at the middle school.
How did you…
I have so many questions.
And they don't matter.
You'll have to cancel.
-What?
-[car door closes]
I can't do that. I promised.
-Who cares?
-Well, I care. They need my help.
Well, they'll have to find someone else.
-Why are you so mad?
-[Kathy sighs]
I'm just trying to help people.
I'm trying to do what you do.
It's different.
Why?
Why? Why?
Because I am not wanted
for breaking and entering.
Because I don't claim to be made of ice.
A dozen reasons!
I'm sorry, Kathy.
I'm going to that school tomorrow.
[seatbelt clicks]
You know what? Fine.
You can go melt in a jail cell.
What do I care?
I've known you a day and a half.
[exhales sharply]
[downcast music playing]
[shivering exhale]
[quiet gasp]
[heartwarming music playing]
[step creaks]
Imagine all the stars in the sky.
[knocking at door]
The countless constellations.
-Come in.
-[door opens]
[sighs]
You fixed the roof. Why?
Needed fixing.
And the step
and the Christmas decorations?
Was just doing what I saw on TV.
Jack.
Thank you.
I don't know what's happening
any more than you do, Kathy.
I could wake up tomorrow and be a puddle.
So…
I just want to make the most
of the time that I have while I'm here.
[sighs]
Okay.
Okay…
"Okay" okay?
"Okay" okay.
Okay!
-Okay, but there are some ground rules.
-Okay.
I drop you off, I pick you up.
You don't leave the school.
You don't tell anyone you're a snowman.
And you certainly don't tell anyone
you're the guy the sheriff's looking for.
Lay low. Got it?
-[Jack gasps] Ooh--
-Uh…
[makes excited noises]
Got it.
[upbeat holiday music playing]
♪ Some of us are simple ♪
♪ Some of us are wild ♪
♪ We get a little crazy
Guess it's just our style ♪
♪ When we come together ♪
♪ I know that we will shine ♪
♪ Some of us got… ♪
[Jack] Do you want to help us out?
Kady, do you know Matthew?
Matthew, Kady. Kady, Matthew.
Okay, you guys work
on that together, all right? Thank you.
It's looking so good.
Oh, hey.
♪ It's gonna be a good, good time ♪
♪ Time, time ♪
♪ Let's pull out the decorations
Let's plug in the lights ♪
♪ Seein' these familiar faces
Makes the world look bright ♪
♪ It's the most wonderful time of year ♪
♪ Now that we're here ♪
♪ Everybody bringing
All of their joy and cheer ♪
♪ Now that we're here ♪
♪ Ooh, ooh ♪
♪ Ooh, ooh, ooh-ooh ♪
[song ends]
[students chattering]
-[students laughing]
-[Jack] All right! See you later, Emma.
Bye, Todd. Bye, Tina.
Hey, Doug, Daryl, no running
until you get outside the door.
Then run all you want.
Bye! Bye!
Sure you don't want to say bye
to her cousin or her cousin's cousins?
-I haven't met them yet. Are they nice?
-What?
[Kathy laughs]
What? What's so funny?
This… It's just so ridiculous.
What am I doing here?
You're picking me up from school.
No, I mean, what am I doing here?
I'm really asking
the universe for clarification.
I mean, I should be at work,
instead I'm hanging out with a guy
who thinks he's a snowman come to life,
and, you know,
maybe I should run for the hills.
-But he's nice, he's good-looking--
-Wait!
I…
You think I'm good-looking?
Well, everyone does.
I mean, the whole town loves you.
The whole town loves me?
No, but they haven't known me that long,
and you said it takes
a really long time to fall in love.
So if the whole town loves me,
and you're in town…
Stop! Stop right there.
Okay, sorry, I used the wrong word.
What… Look.
Do I think you're nice? Yes, of course.
Do I love seeing…
like seeing you helping everyone out?
Absolutely. But the word "love"
is just not in my vocabulary right now.
Why not?
Because. That's why.
Well, that's not a reason.
[car doors close]
[Kathy sighs]
You want a real reason?
Because my life is a mess right now.
I haven't been taking care of myself,
my house, my personal life,
since Paul.
And everyone knows it.
Dottie and the staff,
they've been on me about it for months.
Look, even if you were the person I loved…
Which you're not, you're my tenant.
Just so we're clear.
…I am not convinced that I can
really love someone right now, because…
I'm not convinced I have figured out
how to love myself without Paul.
I know, I know it sounds really…
real bad when
I say it like that out loud, but I just…
I haven't found my way forward yet.
[poignant music playing]
You know, I've got to think that
Paul saw the same
amazing person that I see.
[Kathy sobs quietly]
And I've got to think that he wouldn't
want this amazing person to think that
she is anything less than amazing.
[Kathy sighs]
[laughs]
I'm getting grief counseling
from a snowman.
No. You're just talking to a friend.
Or a tenant, sorry.
No.
You were right the first time.
Use your knees, Theo.
[cheerful holiday music playing]
Stop! Stop, stop, stop, stop, stop!
The new glass is here!
Wait. Jack!
Come here.
Did you have something
to do with that glass?
Yeah, so there's this site on the computer
where you can just order
anything you want for people. It's great.
Okay. How did you pay for it?
They didn't ask, so it must have
been some kind of giveaway or something.
I don't know, but it's a good thing,
because that glass was not cheap.
Okay, here's the thing, my computer
has my credit card information,
so when you use my computer…
Oh no.
-Yeah.
-I owe you. I am sorry.
No, it's really okay. It's fine.
Know what? You fixed the roof. We're even.
But that is the only thing
you ordered, right?
Gotta go.
Wait! Remember…
No, I know, I know, I know. Lay low.
I did it.
I broke your window,
and I stole your clothes,
and I was alone,
and I was naked.
[chuckles] I thought that you should know.
So, I'm sorry about the damage.
And I hope that the glass helps.
I'll install that for you and everything.
-You brought us the glass?
-[Jack] I did.
Well, sort of.
I didn't pay for it, but I helped.
Sort of. And I'll return
the clothes tomorrow.
Keep them.
So you're not mad?
[Theo chuckles]
Nobody can be mad at Christmas.
You needed help, you did what you had to,
and now you're making it right.
You okay now?
I am. Kathy's taking care of me.
[Jack] Okay, now let's get up in there.
-Hi, Kathy.
-Hey, Ed.
-Hi.
Listen, I got a police artist
to draw a sketch of the streaker
based on Mortimer's description.
Ethel couldn't describe him?
Oh, she could, but we needed
a description of his face.
Uh, I feel compelled to point out
the resemblance to your friend here.
Eh… I mean, come on, I don't…
Do you not believe me, Ed?
I do, Kathy. I do. I do. Sure.
-But Nate, he's on a tear. You know him.
-Sure.
The sheriff thinking that Jack
had anything to do with this, right?
-[Kathy laughs]
-Well, I mean, I… Yeah.
I… I feel like I have to say, Kathy,
if Jack did do it,
you know, you can tell me that.
You know that's okay, right?
I appreciate that so much.
How does a bowl of soup sound?
Let's see. Maybe, um…
[popping and percolating]
If it's thick, it might go…
[buoyant popping]
Would you like a bowl of soup, Ed?
Oh! I see what you're getting at. Sure.
Yeah. Nothing too creamy,
I've got a lactose thing.
-Let's see what's on the menu.
-Ooh! Got any chowders?
-Have a bowl of soup.
-I'd arrest a baby for a good beef barley.
[Kathy breathes deeply]
[laughs]
['70s funk plays]
New glass looks good.
Don't worry. We'll find who broke in.
Because you can replace the glass,
but you can't replace the pain.
We did replace the pane.
A whole new pane of glass here.
No, no. Pain.
Like P-A-I-N.
The pain.
Why would I want to replace pain?
It's a metaphor.
For what?
Maybe he means it's a pun.
No. It's not a pun.
It's a metaphor. A metaphor…
I know what I meant.
That's what's important.
You leave the metaphors
around here to me, okay, Mel?
By the way, who did the installation?
Jack. Kathy's friend.
Now, why would he do that, I wonder?
Because he's nice.
Because some people
listen to other people in need
and ask them what they want
instead of using unfortunate situations
to advance their own personal agendas.
Or maybe he's got something to hide.
Boss.
Oh.
Or maybe…
he's got something to hide.
[sighs]
[Kady] Wow. Oh wow.
This looks so good.
Look at the icicles on the ceiling.
Yeah, that was my idea.
[tender music playing]
So, um, I was wondering if anyone has…
Are you going to the dance with somebody?
Oh, great. Wait, no, not great.
[giggles]
Would you maybe
be interested in going with me?
I'd really like that, yeah.
[exhales] Cool. Cool, cool, cool, cool.
So, wanna walk back to class?
[Kady] I've got to eventually.
Yeah, right, totally.
Cool. Cool, cool, cool, cool, cool.
Hmm.
-What's all the yarn about?
-It's a tangled web, Ed.
I need to see the bigger picture.
Just wish I had a photo of Jack. Just…
He's in this somehow, I know it.
Hey, guys, good to see you both.
Jack, hey, how you doing?
What? You shouldn't be back here.
This is the inner sanctum.
Cool art project.
You just taking photos
of everybody in town?
I am.
Would you like me to take your picture?
-I would love that.
-[chuckles] Oh!
Where should I stand?
Oh! Oh, oh. Right here.
That is perfect.
[shutter clicks]
-Thank you.
-[Jack] Thank you.
So I actually came here to talk to you
while Kathy was wrapping up at the diner.
-Do you have a minute?
-Uh, yes, I do.
I sure do. Let's go. Yeah.
Got you right where we want you.
[laughs]
-[Ed] Did you say something?
-[gasps] Nope. Nope.
-Who were you talking to?
-Uh, just… Christmas.
[Jack] I need some advice.
I have a date.
Or I want to have a date with Kathy.
And I'm pretty sure
I know how I want to ask her,
but here's the thing…
I've actually never been on a date before.
How have you never been on a date before?
You're like a 10, man.
A… 10?
Like in attractiveness.
Out of 10, you'd be a 10.
Top marks. Way up there.
[embarrassed laugh] Thanks, Schatz.
I mean, you are not so bad yourself.
Oh. [laughs]
Stop. Please.
I am not on your level, okay?
What? Are you kidding me?
With that smile,
and how you have your mustache,
but it's like just the bottom half.
-Confident.
-I worked on that.
-Yeah. Thank you.
-And not to mention your uniform.
Oh, it is a pretty good uniform.
-Yes, it is.
-Yeah, I helped pick it out.
-What? Seriously?
-Yeah.
Oh yeah. These dark brown
pocket lapels? That was me.
Those dark brown pocket lapels
are the perfect thing
to accentuate your lower chest.
That's what I said.
That's the exact thing I said.
[both laugh]
Any girl in town
would be lucky to have you.
And that's why
I need your help with Kathy.
Look, I'm no Don Juan or nothing, okay?
But if you're having fun
and you're paying attention
to make sure she's having fun,
you'll be golden.
Okay.
And, um, what about, uh… kissing?
How do I know she wants to kiss me?
All right, look, it's been
a minute for me too, okay?
I mean, kissing the ladies.
But here's what happens, all right?
She's gonna…
She's gonna lean in a bit, okay?
All right? She's gonna make a face.
-That's the face?
-That's the face.
It's "I want to make out with you" face.
Okay?
And then…
And then you'll know it when you see it.
You'll know exactly when to make the move.
Okay. Yeah. I just…
I just hope I'm good at it.
You're going to be good at it, okay?
You're fine.
Okay. Oh, there was one more thing
I was hoping you could show me.
Anything.
[sighs]
What in the name of God?
[Kathy] Jack?
I have the funniest story to tell you.
Where are you?
-Hey. Hey, hey, hey. How was work?
-You're not gonna believe what happened.
So Mrs. Johnson orders
today's lunch special--
Okay, sorry for interrupting,
but I have to ask you a question,
and I thought I knew
how I was gonna ask it,
but I'm just too nervous,
I'm just gonna say it.
Kathy, will you please go
to the school's Christmas dance with me?
[laughs] Wait, what?
You're-you're going to the dance?
Yeah. I'm a chaperone.
It's, like, my job.
Oh, that's so sweet. I…
-Jack, I…
-Oh.
Of course. You're already
going with someone else, huh?
I just haven't been asked
to a school dance in a really long time
and I… I mean, I'm…
Kathy.
I have been trying to lay low
like you wanted this whole time, but…
for once, I just want to stand tall.
With you.
Even if it's just for one night.
Please?
Yes.
Yes?
-Yes.
-Yes!
-I will go.
-You will?
Yeah. I mean, as crazy as going to
a middle school Christmas dance sounds…
[giggles] It's a date.
-A date. It is a date.
-Yes. [laughs]
-Okay, great.
-But what are we gonna wear?
I mean, I probably have a dress,
but what about you?
What do you think
about going on a shopping trip?
["Oh, Pretty Woman"
by Roy Orbison playing]
♪ Pretty woman
Walking down the street ♪
The kind I'd like to meet ♪
♪ Pretty woman ♪
♪ I don't believe you
You're not the truth ♪
♪ No one could look as good as you ♪
♪ Mercy ♪
♪ Pretty woman
Won't you pardon me? ♪
I couldn't help but see ♪
♪ Pretty woman ♪
♪ And you look lovely as can be ♪
♪ Are you lonely just like me? ♪
[Orbison growls]
♪ Pretty woman, stop a while ♪
♪ Pretty woman, talk a while ♪
♪ Pretty woman
Give your smile to me ♪
♪ Pretty woman, yeah, yeah, yeah ♪
-♪ Pretty woman, look my way… ♪
-[song fades out]
[man on TV]
Tying a bow tie can seem tricky at first.
But with some practice,
you'll be able to master it.
-[footsteps approach]
-Here's a step-by-step method.
-[Kathy exhales]
-Step one…
You ready?
[romantic music playing]
Wow.
Thanks. It's just a dress.
It's probably warmer outside
than it is in here.
-Mm, sorry, do you want me to…
-Uh, yeah, thanks.
Of course.
Go.
Ready?
Uh, not quite. Remember you asked if
there was anything else I bought online?
Yes.
There is another thing
that I bought online.
[nervous laugh]
Jack.
I just figured it might be nice
to commemorate our time together.
It's a snowflake, because I am a snowman.
I… I got that part.
-Yeah.
-[chuckles]
I… It's…
Oh, uh… it was pretty expensive,
so if you want me to return it, I--
Stop, I'm keeping it.
Really?
This is…
It's really beautiful, thank you.
-Do you mind helping me?
-Yeah.
Oh, may I, uh, just…
-Here.
-[Kathy laughs]
Thank you.
You're welcome.
Shall we?
We shall.
♪ Gold dust on the ground
Night's half over now ♪
♪ Soft touch, open hands
Love won't understand ♪
[gasps] Look at this. This is amazing.
It's beautiful.
Remind you of anyone you know?
[Kathy laughs]
Hey, Jack.
Brendan. Hey. Hey, Clare.
[all laughing]
Ready for tonight?
Uh, yeah, yeah, no, I'm-I'm-I'm ready.
Ready for what?
What? Oh, uh, nothing.
There's just a normal dance thing.
Hey, do you want some punch?
-Sure.
-Okay, great.
Would you look at this place?
I couldn't have pulled it off without him.
He's a godsend. And the kids love him.
I can see that.
[ice tinkling]
You've got punch on your face.
Oh, thanks.
-[Jack groans]
-You okay?
Yeah, I'm just, uh…
I'm a little nervous
'cause I brought a date to the dance.
Nice. Which one is she?
She's right over there, the adult.
[Matthew] Nice.
Did you bring a date?
Yeah, she's over there.
Hey, are you gonna ask her to dance?
I would, but I don't know
how to dance with somebody.
Oh, well, I just had my very fashionable
mustached friend teach me, so,
why don't we go ask them together,
and then I'll show you as we go.
-Yeah? Okay.
-All right. Yeah.
[soft music playing]
[Kathy] I totally agree.
Kathy, would you like to dance?
I'd like that.
♪ The mountain just seems too high ♪
Yeah., yeah, yeah. Go. Yeah.
♪ Though you can climb and climb ♪
So are we supposed to talk
when we dance, or…
You don't have to.
We can just enjoy the moment.
You can hold me closer if you'd like.
Oh, I don't want to melt.
You're giving off a lot of heat right now.
-Oh, am I? [laughs]
-Yeah.
I don't want to put you in danger.
I think it's worth the risk.
♪ Oh, you gotta hold your head high ♪
♪ Keep your eyes fixed on the sky ♪
♪ I can feel it risin', risin' ♪
♪ In every heartbeat
Every heartbeat ♪
♪ I can hear the spirit, spirit… ♪
[faster music starts playing]
-Thank you for the dance.
-No, no, we're not done yet.
[Kathy laughs]
♪ Hey, what you think
About getting together? ♪
♪ 'Cause it's kinda the season
And it's kinda the weather ♪
Okay, okay, you guys ready? No? Yeah?
Good to go? All right, we're gonna do it!
♪ Let the joy come through ♪
[Jack chuckles]
♪ Hey, my friends are oh so happy ♪
♪ No stress
It's so relaxing ♪
♪ Magic is about to happen
Lots of love and lots of laughin' ♪
-♪ Are you here for a good time? ♪
-♪ Hey ♪
-♪ Decked out in the bright lights ♪
♪ Spreadin' joy and the good vibe ♪
[Jack grunts to the beat]
♪ Feelin' like a holiday, holiday ♪
[Jack] Oh!
[Jack gasping]
♪ Need some time to celebrate, celebrate ♪
[Kathy] Oh no.
♪ Feelin' like a holiday, holiday ♪
Let's go outside and get some air.
Yeah, I think we'll get some air.
-Bye! Bye! Bye!
-Let's go.
Bye, everybody. Let's go.
[Jack laughs]
There's the door right over here, okay?
♪ Light it up, light it up one time… ♪
[Jack laughing] Oh!
How much fun was that?
[Kathy giggles]
You need to be careful though.
You were soaking wet.
No, I know, I just,
I never had that much fun before.
I mean, dancing is so… great.
Just with the music and the lights and…
And you.
You look so beautiful.
No, I probably look very cold.
Well, here.
[romantic music playing]
Does that help?
It would, if you…
you know, had a normal body temperature.
-[shivers, laughs]
-[laughs]
Do you want me to stop?
I didn't say that. [chuckles]
[mouthing] What?
Uh…
Let's… Let's get you inside.
[chuckles] Was it something I said?
Jack.
No.
No, I… I, um…
This has been the best night of my life.
But the truth is, I don't know
how much more time that I have left.
And even though
I want to fill every minute of it
with you,
I just…
I can't help but feel like
I'm being selfish.
How so?
Because you know
the pain of being left behind.
And the more I fall in love with you…
the more I know
I could never hurt you like that.
[gentle music playing]
Sorry, I said "love."
It just slipped out. I…
It's okay.
You know, for someone
who has no relationship experience,
you're one heck of a romantic.
I thought you weren't a hugger.
I'm making an exception.
Who are you?
['70s funk playing]
Some youthful prankster?
Or are you a deviant,
stimulated by the freezing cold
on your naked flesh,
longing to see the faces of the elderly
horrified by your exposed nether regions?
Sorry. Merry Christmas.
Oh, you like that, don't you? You monster.
[ATM whirs]
Does that have a camera on it?
Does this bank machine
have a camera on it?
[gasps]
I got you now, you son of a…
[ominous music plays]
[jazzy holiday music plays]
♪ Jingle bells, jingle bells ♪
All right, ready for the eggnog.
Oh, can I please take it out there myself?
It's a steam bath out there.
I know, but I just really
want to say hi to everyone.
All right. Fine. But just for a minute.
♪ Jingle all the way ♪
♪ Oh, what fun it is to ride
In a one-horse open sleigh ♪
Everyone, if I could
just say something really quickly.
Thanks.
I just want to say
thank you so much for coming out,
because this has become
my favorite tradition,
getting to see so many of you
the night before Christmas.
You know, we have
family and friends, co-workers.
[Nate] Criminals.
-[indistinct chatter]
-[tense music playing]
We've all been wondering
who committed the crimes.
Was he wearing sunglasses in the bathroom?
-How long you been in the bathroom?
-He wanted to make an entrance.
-[people laughing]
-Enough!
You guys,
I'm out there every day working for you.
Keeping you safe. And what do I get?
Never a "thank you."
Always… some giggles.
Hee-hee-hee-hee!
A patronizing remark.
Since I've been sheriff, we haven't
had a single murder in Hope Springs.
We haven't had a murder
in Hope Springs in 100 years.
You're welcome!
Our friend over here, Mr. New-in-Town,
went streaking two weeks ago.
-Oh, he was careful.
-Streaking?
Dodged all the security cameras,
but forgot the ATM.
I got footage of you
naked in the streets, amigo.
[all] Ooh!
You're under arrest.
-What? No! Come on, Nate.
-[woman] No, Nate!
[Kathy] This doesn't have to be done
right here, right now.
It's Christmas Eve.
-Crime doesn't take a holiday, Kathy.
-[handcuffs clicking]
Neither do I.
[Kathy] No, come on!
This is ridiculous.
-[woman] Come on.
-Come on, Nate.
[Jack] Hey, hey, hey, hey.
It's okay.
[poignant music playing]
Me saying sorry, it's not enough.
I broke the law and…
I have to accept the consequences.
Jack, don't do this.
You don't have to do this.
I'll be fine, Kathy.
[people protesting]
He's different from us, Nate.
What do you mean, "different"?
He's a snowman
that magically came to life.
[magical music playing]
Remember that muscular snowman
from the snow sculpture festival?
I thought he looked familiar.
Explains why he's so comfortable
without a shirt on.
So, you-you-you all…
You just…
You just buy that he's a snowman?
It's Christmas.
A man that sweet
has just got to be magic, don't you think?
[emotional music playing]
Yeah.
Yeah. I think I do.
[people cheering and applauding]
[screeching noise]
It's kinda hot in here.
You think maybe we could open a window?
-[Nate humming]
-Please?
[Nate] Hmm?
[intriguing music playing]
No prints.
That could only mean one thing.
You burned them off.
Oh, no, I was born like this.
You've been well-trained, I give you that.
You almost slipped through the cracks too.
[chair clatters]
But you can't
slip through my crack, amigo.
If we could just… just
turn the temperature down.
Oh, you'd like that, wouldn't you?
To keep your cool under pressure
so you don't blow your cover.
But here, in my house?
-We like it hot.
-[door opens]
Nathan Aloysius Hunter,
what are you doing?
You really gonna interrupt
my finest interrogation work like that?
Let me know how much bail is
so we can get on with
whatever you're trying to prove.
Two thousand dollars.
Two grand? Are you kidding me?
He's a sleeper agent.
-A what?
-He's got no fingerprints, Kathy.
No name. No wallet.
-Come on.
-No credit cards.
Know what? I'm gonna go to the restaurant,
I'll see if I have two grand in the safe.
I'm going home.
You can bail him out on the 26th.
But that's two days from now.
-He has extreme sensitivity to the heat.
-[Jack groans]
He won't make it till the 26th.
[Nate] You knew all along
he was the criminal.
Lucky I don't lock you up
for obstruction of justice.
You're lucky
I don't punch you in the face.
Be mad at me all you want, Kathy.
You let a damn spy into Hope Springs.
I'm getting the FBI down here ASAP.
[Kathy] Look at me. Hi.
Hell, they might even
make a podcast out of this.
-Can we get some water, please?
-There's a sink over there.
No, he needs ice water. He's sweating.
Sleeper agents are trained
to regulate body functions.
[Kathy] He is not a spy!
He's dying.
Listen. I need you to hang in there, okay?
I'm going to go,
but I'm coming right back. I promise.
Kathy, I don't think
I thought this through.
But in case I don't make it…
No. No, you listen.
You save your just-in-cases, okay?
I'll be right back.
Excuse me.
[beeping]
Come on.
What's going on?
Nate set the bail at two grand, and I…
-I don't have enough.
-[door opens]
Hey. I just heard.
I figured I'd come in and check on you.
He's in really bad shape.
He won't make it until the 26th. Please!
Does he have some kind of condition?
He's made of snow.
Is that a metaphor?
[Kathy] I saw him, okay?
And I just need you
to help me get him out of there.
Okay. Yeah, come with me.
Let's talk to Nate.
[Ed] What's this with the bail, Nate?
You're doing this on Christmas Eve?
He's got no past, no fingerprints.
He's a dangerous individual.
You saw him in there. He is melting.
[Nate] Criminals sweat
when they get caught.
It's called guilt.
Come on, Nate. This is all I got. Please.
[Ed] Come on, Nate.
Please.
[footsteps approaching]
[hopeful music plays]
What is this? A posse?
It's everyone in town, Nate,
hoping you decide to do the right thing.
I'm happy to let him go free tonight.
But my hands are tied.
I can't let a suspect free without bail.
-Come on.
-[people protesting]
Okay.
All right, Nate.
I can't believe I'm doing this.
I've got 80 bucks.
Really, Ed?
[groans]
-Pass it around.
-There you go.
-[Kathy] Thank you.
-[Ed] Yeah.
-Thank you so much.
-[Ed] Keep it going.
Thanks, guys.
-[Kathy] Thank you.
-Okay.
Thank you so much.
Here. Take this.
This is your town,
these are your constituents,
asking you to accept this.
Bail him out, Nate. Please.
Do you think we could
let him out while you're counting?
You're making me lose count.
Great.
You're still, like, ten shy.
[all moan in disappointment]
Matthew, what are you doing here?
Helping, Dad.
This man did a bad thing.
Why are you helping him?
Because he's my friend.
How is it so many people
decided to waste Christmas
on a guy who just got here
less than two weeks ago?
Because ever since he got here,
he's been working
to make our lives better.
A man is defined by his actions.
Here's the opportunity
for you to be defined by yours.
[thoughtful music playing]
[sighs]
Give everybody their money back.
I'll let him go.
[all cheering]
Attaboy, Nate.
Hey, kid, I gave your dad $200.
Oh, shut up, Morty. You gave him a buck.
[Kathy] Jack? Jack? Jack?
[Ed] Jack.
No, no, no, no. Jack. The snow.
We've got to get him out to the snow.
-[Ed] Hang in there.
-[Nate] Careful.
-[Ed] He's dripping bad.
-[Nate] Just let us out.
[Kathy] Here. Get him here.
Here.
[woman] Oh, Jack.
Come on, you're a doctor. Do something.
Do what?
You can't defibrillate a snowman.
I'm so sorry.
I didn't believe it. I'm so sorry.
[moving music playing]
Jack.
Look… I know you didn't ask to come alive.
But I didn't ask you
to make me care either.
I mean, it's crazy, it's been two weeks,
and I know I'm a rational person.
But I am…
I am falling in love with you.
I don't care how long it lasts,
I don't care how fleeting it is.
I just want to make the most of it
while you're here.
[music continues]
Kathy, he's gone.
Come.
Come on.
[people murmuring]
Let's go, honey,
let Sheriff Hunter take care of this.
[magical tinkling music playing]
[Jack] Kathy?
[people gasping]
[joyful music swells]
Jack.
[women laughing and crying]
[people clapping]
[Kathy] I thought you were dead.
[people cheering]
[Jack] No. No, I'm not.
But I feel kinda…
[shivers] …funny.
Did you just shiver?
I don't know what's going on.
It's like my skin's numb,
but it also kind of hurts. Like I'm…
You're…
You're cold.
[Kathy laughs]
[woman gasps] It's magic.
He's cold.
-He's cold.
-I'm cold.
Shut up, Mortimer.
[people clamoring]
I'm cold. You believe it?
Does this mean…
I… I don't know. I…
I think it means that… I'm real.
[all exclaiming and cheering]
["feelslikeimfallinginlove"
by Coldplay plays]
♪ It feels like ♪
♪ I'm falling in love ♪
♪ Maybe for the first time ♪
[Kathy and Jack laugh]
♪ Baby, it's my mind you blow ♪
♪ It feels like ♪
♪ I'm falling in love ♪
♪ You're throwing me a lifeline ♪
♪ This is for a lifetime ♪
♪ I know ♪
[upbeat music playing]
[Kathy laughs]
Thank you.
I know just where to start. [chuckles]
[grunts, exhales]
Okay, try it now.
It worked.
[appliance whirs]
I did it.
[laughs] We did it!
Nice work.
[Kathy laughs]
Oh.
What?
[Kathy laughs]
Your turn.
Hawaii?
For both of us? Together?
Merry Christmas, Jack.
Merry Christmas, Kathy.
[heartwarming music plays]
You ready?
Ready.
[music fades out]
-We tell everybody a little story.
-A little story about our town, yeah.
The town of Hope Springs.
Yeah, I like that idea.
Let's do it.
♪ Crime doesn't pay
Not in here, not today ♪
♪ Here in Hope Springs ♪
♪ Don't try and break the law
It'll be your tragic flaw ♪
♪ Here in Hope Springs ♪
-[man] Final mark.
-You're doing this on New Year's Eve?
-Not New Year's Eve. Christmas Eve.
-Christmas.
What if it was New Year's?
It'd be a whole different movie.
You're doing this on Christmas Eve?
[laughing]
You think I didn't plan that?
Otherwise, he'd know the strictness
with which I enforce
the law on Hope Streams. Damn.
Almost had it.
-What happened to it? Hope Springs.
-[crew laughing]
I'm so sorry.
I messed up the lines real bad.
Can we take it from that line, Jer?
What is the line? Lori?
-Thank you, Lori.
-[woman laughing]
[cracks up]
And he came to life?
Yes, and now…
[wheezing laugh]
Trust.
[laughs]
It was a gnat. I'm so sorry.
♪ If you want old clothes
Go see Mel and Theo ♪
♪ Here in Hope Springs, yeah ♪
♪ And Ethel and Mortimer
Got a dog full of fur ♪
♪ Here in Hope Springs ♪
Uh-huh. They sure do.
[still sustaining note]
Uh!
[crew laughing]
I don't know what's going on with you…
-[tires squealing]
-Ay! [laughs]
Okay.
[mouth full] Nice meeting you, Jack.
Oh, I didn't get your…
[coughs]
[all laughing]
Boss?
[screams]
[crew laughing]
Mm.
[all laughing]
[chuckling awkwardly]
[laughing]
I can't do it. I can't. I'm sorry.
That's a giggle. That was a giggle.
♪ We're gonna keep singing this song
Until you all sing along ♪
Everybody!
♪ Here in Hope Springs ♪
-♪ Here in Hope Springs ♪
[both] ♪ Here in Hope Springs ♪
[singing dies out]
Hope Springs.
I think we gotta go again, okay?
Ugh.
Jerry!
[man] Cut.
[soft music playing]
[soft '70s funk playing]
[music ends]